risk is inherent in all investing. the value of your investment in the fund, as well as the amount of return you receive on your investment, may fluctuate significantly. you may lose part or all of your investment in the fund or your investment may not perform as well as other similar investments. the following is a summary description of certain risks of investing in the fund. stock market and equity securities risk. the securities markets are volatile and the market prices of the fund’s securities may decline generally. securities fluctuate in price based on changes in a company’s financial condition and overall market and economic conditions. if the market prices of the securities owned by the fund fall, the value of your investment in the fund will decline. market events risk. in the past several years financial markets, such as those in the united states, europe, asia and elsewhere, have experienced increased volatility, depressed valuations, decreased liquidity and heightened uncertainty. governmental and non-governmental issuers have defaulted on, or been forced to restructure, their debts. these conditions may continue, recur, worsen or spread. events that have contributed to these market conditions include, but are not limited to major cybersecurity events; measures to address u.s. federal and state budget deficits; downgrading of u.s. long-term sovereign debt; declines in oil and commodity prices; dramatic changes in currency exchange rates; and public sentiment. the u.s. government and the federal reserve, as well as certain foreign governments and central banks, have taken steps to support financial markets, including by keeping interest rates at historically low levels. this and other government intervention may not work as intended, particularly if the efforts are perceived by investors as being unlikely to achieve the desired results. the federal reserve has reduced its market support activities and recently has begun raising interest rates. certain foreign governments and central banks are implementing or discussing so-called negative interest rates (e.g., charging depositors who keep their cash at a bank) to spur economic growth. further federal reserve or other u.s. or non-u.s. governmental or central bank actions, including interest rate increases or contrary actions by different governments, could negatively affect financial markets generally, increase market volatility and reduce the value and liquidity of securities in which the fund invests. policy and legislative changes in the united states and in other countries are affecting many aspects of financial regulation, and may in some instances contribute to decreased liquidity and increased volatility in the financial markets. the impact of these changes on the markets, and the practical implications for market participants, may not be fully known for some time. economies and financial markets throughout the world are increasingly interconnected. economic, financial or political events, trading and tariff arrangements, terrorism, natural disasters and other circumstances in one country or region could have profound impacts on global economies or markets. as a result, whether or not the fund invests in securities of issuers located in or with significant exposure to the countries directly affected, the value and liquidity of the fund’s investments may be negatively affected. 4 qs global dividend fund foreign investments and emerging market risk. the fund’s investments in securities of foreign issuers or issuers with significant exposure to foreign markets involve additional risk. foreign countries in which the fund may invest may have markets that are less liquid, less regulated and more volatile than u.s. markets. the value of the fund’s investments may decline because of factors affecting the particular issuer as well as foreign markets and issuers generally, such as unfavorable or unsuccessful government actions, reduction of government or central bank support and political or financial instability. lack of information may also affect the value of these securities. the risks of foreign investments are heightened when investing in issuers in emerging market countries. emerging market countries tend to have economic, political and legal systems that are less fully developed and are less stable than those of more developed countries. they are often particularly sensitive to market movements because their market prices tend to reflect speculative expectations. low trading volumes may result in a lack of liquidity and in extreme price volatility. currency risk. the value of investments in securities denominated in foreign currencies increases or decreases as the rates of exchange between those currencies and the u.s. dollar change. currency conversion costs and currency fluctuations could erase investment gains or add to investment losses. currency exchange rates can be volatile, and are affected by factors such as general economic conditions, the actions of the u.s. and foreign governments or central banks, the imposition of currency controls and speculation. issuer risk. the value of a security can go up or down more than the market as a whole and can perform differently from the value of the market as a whole, often due to disappointing earnings reports by the issuer, unsuccessful products or services, loss of major customers, major litigation against the issuer or changes in government regulations affecting the issuer or the competitive environment. the fund may experience a substantial or complete loss on an individual security. dividend-paying stock risk. there is no guarantee that the issuers of the stocks held by the fund will declare dividends in the future or that, if dividends are declared, they will remain at their current levels or increase over time. the fund’s emphasis on dividend-paying stocks could cause the fund to underperform similar funds that invest without consideration of a company’s track record of paying dividends or ability to pay dividends in the future. dividend-paying stocks may not participate in a broad market advance to the same degree as other stocks, and a sharp rise in interest rates or economic downturn could cause a company to unexpectedly reduce or eliminate its dividend. large capitalization company risk. large capitalization companies may fall out of favor with investors based on market and economic conditions. in return for the relative stability and low volatility of large capitalization companies, the fund’s value may not rise as much as the value of funds that focus on companies with smaller market capitalizations. small and medium capitalization company risk. the fund will be exposed to additional risks as a result of its investments in the securities of small and medium capitalization companies. small and medium capitalization companies may fall out of favor with investors; may have limited product lines, operating histories, markets or financial resources; or may be dependent upon a limited management group. the prices of securities of small and medium capitalization qs global dividend fund 5 companies generally are more volatile than those of large capitalization companies and are more likely to be adversely affected than large capitalization companies by changes in earnings results and investor expectations or poor economic or market conditions, including those experienced during a recession. securities of small and medium capitalization companies may underperform large capitalization companies, may be harder to sell at times and at prices the portfolio managers believe appropriate and may offer greater potential for losses. liquidity risk. some assets held by the fund may be impossible or difficult to sell, particularly during times of market turmoil. these illiquid assets may also be difficult to value. markets may become illiquid when, for instance, there are few, if any, interested buyers or sellers or when dealers are unwilling or unable to make a market for certain securities. as a general matter, dealers recently have been less willing to make markets for fixed income securities. if the fund is forced to sell an illiquid asset to meet redemption requests or other cash needs, the fund may be forced to sell at a loss. volatility risk. the value of the securities in the fund’s portfolio may fluctuate, sometimes rapidly and unpredictably. the value of a security may fluctuate due to factors affecting markets generally or particular industries. the value of a security may also be more volatile than the market as a whole. this volatility may affect the fund’s net asset value. although the subadviser’s models were created to invest in stocks that exhibit low volatility characteristics, there is no guarantee that these models and strategies will be successful. securities in the fund’s portfolio may be subject to price volatility and the prices may not be any less volatile than the market as a whole and could be more volatile. events or financial circumstances affecting individual securities or sectors may increase the volatility of the fund. model risk. the subadviser’s investment models may not adequately take into account certain factors and may result in the fund having a lower return than if the fund were managed using another model or investment strategy. valuation risk. the sales price the fund could receive for any particular portfolio investment may differ from the fund’s valuation of the investment, particularly for securities that trade in thin or volatile markets or that are valued using a fair value methodology. investors who purchase or redeem fund shares on days when the fund is holding fair-valued securities may receive fewer or more shares or lower or higher redemption proceeds than they would have received if the fund had not fair-valued securities or had used a different valuation methodology. the fund’s ability to value its investments may be impacted by technological issues and/or errors by pricing services or other third party service providers. portfolio management risk. the value of your investment may decrease if the subadviser’s judgment about the attractiveness or value of, or market trends affecting a particular security, industry, sector or region, or about market movements is incorrect, or if there are imperfections, errors or limitations in the tools and data used by the subadviser. in addition, the fund’s investment strategies or policies may change from time to time. those changes may not lead to the results intended by the subadviser and could have an adverse effect on the value or performance of the fund. cybersecurity risk. cybersecurity incidents may allow an unauthorized party to gain access to fund assets, customer data (including private shareholder information), or proprietary information, or cause the fund, the manager, the subadvisers and/or its service providers (including, but not 6 qs global dividend fund limited to, fund accountants, custodians, sub-custodians, transfer agents and financial intermediaries) to suffer data breaches, data corruption or lose operational functionality. these risks are discussed in more detail in the fund’s prospectus or in the sai.