”, below. the fund will concentrate its investments in a particular industry or group of industries to approximately the same extent as the index is so concentrated. as of the close of business on june 30, 2014, the index was concentrated in the utilities industry group, which comprised approximately 100% of the market capitalization of the index. please see “investment objectives, principal investment strategies and related risks” in the back of the fund’s full prospectus for additional details. principal risks you could lose money by investing in the fund. • risks associated with the use of derivatives — the fund obtains investment exposure through derivatives. investing in derivatives may be considered aggressive and may expose the fund to greater risks than investing directly in the reference asset(s) underlying those derivatives. these risks include counterparty risk, liquidity risk and increased correlation risk (each as discussed below). when the fund uses derivatives, there may be imperfect correlation between the value of the reference asset(s) and the derivative, which may prevent the fund from achieving its investment objective. because derivatives often require limited initial investment, the use of derivatives also may expose the fund to losses in excess of those amounts initially invested. the fund may use a combination of swaps on the index and swaps on an etf that is designed to track the performance of the index. the performance of an etf may not track the performance of the index due to embedded costs and other factors. thus, to the extent the fund invests in swaps that use an etf as the reference asset, the fund may be subject to greater correlation risk and may not achieve as high a degree of correlation with the index as it would if the fund only used swaps on the index. moreover, with respect to the use of swap agreements, if the index has a dramatic intraday move that causes a material decline in the fund’s net assets, the terms of a swap agreement between the fund and its counterparty may permit the counterparty to immediately close out the transaction with the fund. in that event, the fund may be unable to enter into another swap agreement or invest in other derivatives to achieve the desired exposure consistent with the fund’s investment objective. this, in turn, may prevent the fund from achieving its investment objective, even if the index reverses all or a portion of its intraday move by the end of the day. any costs associated with using derivatives will also have the effect of lowering the fund’s return. proshares.com ultrashort utilities : : 5 • leverage risk — the fund obtains investment exposure in excess of its assets in seeking to achieve its investment objective—a form of leverage—and will lose more money in market environments adverse to its daily objective than a similar fund that does not employ such leverage. the use of such leverage could result in the total loss of an investor’s investment. for example, because the fund includes a multiplier of two times the inverse (-2x) of the index, a single day movement in the index approaching 50% at any point in the day could result in the total loss of a shareholder’s investment if that movement is contrary to the investment objective of the fund, even if the index subsequently moves in an opposite direction, eliminating all or a portion of the earlier movement. this would be the case with any such single day movements in the index, even if the index maintains a level greater than zero at all times. • compounding risk — as a result of compounding and because the fund has a single day investment objective, the fund’s performance for periods greater than a single day is likely to be either better or worse than the index performance times the stated multiple in the fund’s investment objective, before accounting for fees and fund expenses. compounding affects all investments, but has a more significant impact on an inverse leveraged fund. particularly during periods of higher index volatility, compounding will cause results for periods longer than a single day to vary from two times the inverse (-2x) of the return of the index. this effect becomes more pronounced as volatility increases. fund performance for periods greater than a single day can be estimated given any set of assumptions for the following factors: a) index volatility; b) index performance; c) period of time; d) financing rates associated with inverse leveraged exposure; e) other fund expenses; and f) dividends or interest paid with respect to securities in the index. the chart below illustrates the impact of two principal factors—index volatility and index performance—on fund performance. the chart shows estimated fund returns for a number of combinations of index volatility and index performance over a one-year period. performance shown in the chart assumes: (a) no dividends paid with respect to securities included in the index; (b) no fund expenses; and (c) borrowing/lending rates (to obtain inverse leveraged exposure) of zero percent. if fund expenses and/or actual borrowing/lending rates were reflected, the fund’s performance would be different than shown. areas shaded darker represent those scenarios where the fund can be expected to return less than two times the inverse (-2x) of the performance of the index. estimated fund returns index performance one year volatility rate one year index two times the inverse (-2x) of the one year index 10% 25% 50% 75% 100% -60% 120% 506.5% 418.1% 195.2% 15.6% -68.9% -50% 100% 288.2% 231.6% 88.9% -26.0% -80.1% -40% 80% 169.6% 130.3% 31.2% -48.6% -86.2% -30% 60% 98.1% 69.2% -3.6% -62.2% -89.8% -20% 40% 51.6% 29.5% -26.2% -71.1% -92.2% -10% 20% 19.8% 2.3% -41.7% -77.2% -93.9% 0% 0% -3.0% -17.1% -52.8% -81.5% -95.0% 10% -20% -19.8% -31.5% -61.0% -84.7% -95.9% 20% -40% -32.6% -42.4% -67.2% -87.2% -96.5% 30% -60% -42.6% -50.9% -72.0% -89.1% -97.1% 40% -80% -50.5% -57.7% -75.9% -90.6% -97.5% 50% -100% -56.9% -63.2% -79.0% -91.8% -97.8% 60% -120% -62.1% -67.6% -81.5% -92.8% -98.1% the foregoing table is intended to isolate the effect of index volatility and index performance on the return of the fund. for example, the fund may incorrectly be expected to achieve a -40% return on a yearly basis if the index return were 20%, absent the effects of compounding. however, as the table shows, with index volatility of 50%, the fund could be expected to return -67.2% under such a scenario. the fund’s actual returns may be significantly better or worse than the returns shown above as a result of any of the factors discussed above or in “principal risks—correlation risk” below. the index’s annualized historical volatility rate for the five-year period ended june 30, 2014 was 13.70%. the index’s highest june to june volatility rate during the five-year period was 16.63% (june 30, 2012). the index’s annualized total return performance for the five-year period ended june 30, 2014 was 15.22%. historical index volatility and performance are not indications of what the index volatility and performance will be in the future. the volatility of u.s. exchange-traded securities or instruments that reflect the value of the index may differ from the volatility of the index. for additional graphs and charts demonstrating the effects of index volatility and index performance on the long-term performance of the fund, see “principal risks of geared funds and the impact of compounding” in the back of the fund’s full prospectus and “special note regarding the correlation risks of geared funds” in the fund’s statement of additional information. 6 : : ultrashort utilities proshares.com • correlation risk — a number of factors may affect the fund’s ability to achieve a high degree of inverse correlation with the index, and there is no guarantee that the fund will achieve a high degree of inverse correlation. failure to achieve a high degree of inverse correlation may prevent the fund from achieving its investment objective, and the percentage change of the fund’s nav each day may differ, perhaps significantly, from two times the inverse (-2x) of the percentage change of the index on such day. in order to achieve a high degree of inverse correlation with the index, the fund seeks to rebalance its portfolio daily to keep exposure consistent with its investment objective. being materially over- or underexposed to the index may prevent the fund from achieving a high degree of inverse correlation with the index. market disruptions or closure, regulatory restrictions or extreme market volatility will adversely affect the fund’s ability to adjust exposure to requisite levels. the target amount of portfolio exposure is impacted dynamically by the index’s movements. because of this, it is unlikely that the fund will have perfect inverse exposure (i.e., -2x) to the index at the end of each day and the likelihood of being materially over- or underexposed is higher on days when the index level is volatile near the close of the trading day. a number of other factors may also adversely affect the fund’s inverse correlation with the index, including fees, expenses, transaction costs, financing costs associated with the use of derivatives, income items, valuation methodology, accounting standards and disruptions or illiquidity in the markets for the securities or financial instruments in which the fund invests. the fund may not have investment exposure to all securities in the index, or its weighting of investment exposure to securities may be different from that of the index. in addition, the fund may invest in securities not included in the index or in financial instruments. the fund may take or refrain from taking positions in order to improve tax efficiency, or comply with regulatory restrictions, either of which may negatively affect the fund’s correlation with the index. the fund may also be subject to large movements of assets into and out of the fund, potentially resulting in the fund being over- or underexposed to the index and may be impacted by index reconstitutions and index rebalancing events. any of these factors could decrease correlation between the performance of the fund and the index and may hinder the fund’s ability to meet its daily investment objective on or around that day. • counterparty risk — the fund will be subject to credit risk (i.e., the risk that a counterparty is unwilling or unable to make timely payments to meet its contractual obligations) with respect to the amount it expects to receive from counterparties to financial instruments and repurchase agreements entered into by the fund. if a counterparty becomes bankrupt or fails to perform its obligations, the value of an investment in the fund may decline. • early close/late close/trading halt risk — an exchange or market may close early, close late or issue trading halts on specific securities, or the ability to buy or sell certain securities or financial instruments may be restricted, which may result in the fund being unable to buy or sell certain securities or financial instruments. in these circumstances, the fund may be unable to rebalance its portfolio, may be unable to accurately price its investments and/or may incur substantial trading losses. • equity and market risk — the equity markets are volatile, and the value of securities, swaps, futures and other instruments correlated with the equity markets may fluctuate dramatically from day-to-day. equity markets are subject to corporate, political, regulatory, market and economic developments, as well as developments that impact specific economic sectors, industries or segments of the market. further, stocks in the index may underperform other equity investments. volatility in the markets and/or market developments may cause the value of an investment in the fund to decrease. as a fund seeking investment results that correspond to two times the inverse (-2x) of the index, the fund’s performance will generally decrease when market conditions cause the level of the index to rise. • intraday price performance risk — the fund is rebalanced at or about the time of its nav calculation. as such, the intraday position of the fund will generally be different from the fund’s stated investment objective of corresponding to two times the inverse (-2x) of the index. when shares are bought intraday, the performance of the fund’s shares relative to the index until the fund’s next nav calculation time will generally be greater than or less than the fund’s stated multiple. • inverse correlation risk — shareholders will lose money when the index rises—a result that is the opposite from traditional funds. • liquidity risk — in certain circumstances, such as the disruption of the orderly markets for the securities or financial instruments in which the fund invests, the fund might not be able to acquire or dispose of certain holdings quickly or at prices that represent true market value in the judgment of proshare advisors. markets for the securities or financial instruments in which the fund invests may be disrupted by a number of events, including but not limited to economic crises, natural disasters, new legislation, or regulatory changes inside or outside of the u.s. for example, regulation limiting the ability of certain financial institutions to invest in certain securities would likely reduce the liquidity of those securities. these situations may prevent the fund from limiting losses, realizing gains or achieving a high inverse correlation with the index. • market price variance risk — the fund’s shares are listed for trading on nyse arca and can be bought and sold in the secondary market at market prices. the market price of shares will fluctuate in response to changes in the value of the fund’s holdings, supply and demand for shares and other market factors. proshare advisors cannot predict whether shares will trade above, below or at a price equal to the value of the fund’s holdings. given the fact that shares can be created and redeemed in creation units, as defined below, proshare advisors believes that large discounts or premiums to the value of the fund’s holdings should not be sustained. the fund’s investment proshares.com ultrashort utilities : : 7 results are measured based upon the daily nav of the fund. investors purchasing and selling shares in the secondary market may not experience investment results consistent with those experienced by authorized participants creating and redeeming directly with the fund. • non-diversification risk — the fund is classified as “non-diversified” under the investment company act of 1940, and has the ability to invest a relatively high percentage of its assets in financial instruments with a single counterparty or a few counterparties. this may cause the credit of one or a relatively smaller number of counterparties to have a greater impact on the fund’s performance. • portfolio turnover risk — daily rebalancing of fund holdings, which is required to keep inverse leverage consistent with a single day investment objective, will cause a higher level of portfolio transactions than compared to most exchange-traded funds. additionally, active market trading of the fund’s shares may cause more frequent creation or redemption activities that could, in certain circumstances, increase the number of portfolio transactions. high levels of transactions increase brokerage and other transaction costs and may result in increased taxable capital gains. • short sale exposure risk — the fund may seek inverse or “short” exposure through financial instruments such as swap agreements, which may cause the fund to be exposed to certain risks associated with selling securities short. these risks include, under certain market conditions, an increase in the volatility and decrease in the liquidity of securities underlying the short position, which may lower the fund’s return, result in a loss, have the effect of limiting the fund’s ability to obtain inverse exposure through financial instruments such as swap agreements, or require the fund to seek inverse exposure through alternative investment strategies that may be less desirable or more costly to implement. to the extent that, at any particular point in time, the securities underlying the short position may be thinly traded or have a limited market, including due to regulatory action, the fund may be unable to meet its investment objective due to a lack of available securities or counterparties. during such periods, the fund’s ability to issue additional creation units may be adversely affected. obtaining inverse exposure through these instruments may be considered an aggressive investment technique. any income, dividends or payments on the fund’s short positions will negatively impact the fund. • utilities industry risk — the fund is subject to risks faced by companies in the utilities economic sector to the same extent as the index is so concentrated, including: review and limitation of rates by governmental regulatory commissions; the fact that the value of regulated utility instruments tends to have an inverse relationship to the movement of interest rates; the risk that utilities may engage in riskier ventures where they have little or no experience, as deregulation allows utilities to diversify outside of their original geographic regions and their traditional lines of business and greater competition as a result of deregulation, which may adversely affect profitability due to lower operating margins, higher costs and diversification into unprofitable business lines. while the realization of certain of these risks may benefit the fund because the fund seeks investment results that correspond to two times the inverse (-2x) of the index, such occurrences may introduce more volatility to the fund. please see “investment objectives, principal investment strategies and related risks” in the back of the fund’s full prospectus for additional details.